<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Tupleware</title>
	</head>
	<body>
        <h1>Tupleware</h1>
        <p><strong>Warning!</strong> The following program and its description is meant for
        people experienced in FCA ;-)</p>
        
        <p><strong>Tupleware</strong> implements a scaling approach based on relations. It works
        on a set of tuples which is treated as a crossproduct of the value sets of the columns.
        These tuples can be read from a text file, queried via SQL (as rows of a result set),
        created via command line calls (stdout is read in the same way as the text files) or
        (via plugin) queried with RDQL from RDF/N3 files.</p>
        
        <p>For scaling the object and attribute sets are selected as columns. If multiple columns
        are selected the crossproduct is used. The binary relation used is the projection of the 
        original tuples onto the crossproduct of the object and attribute sets. The object set is
        chosen once, afterwards multiple attribute sets can be selected to create a complete CSX
        file which can then be loaded into ToscanaJ for filtering and nesting.</p>

        <p>The program can be downloaded from the 
        <a href="http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=21448">Sourceforge download page</a>, it
        requires a recent version of Java to be installed (at least JRE/JDK 1.4.0). If you want to use the RDQL
        plugin you have to unzip it into the plugin directory found in the normal distribution.</p>
	</body>
</html>

